# mushCompiler
Saying that we 'compile' MUSH softcode is inaccurate, but this thing actually does include many of the features found in real compilers.  

Among these features are include files, named and scoped variables, compiler-stripped and compiler-passed (distribution) comments, and pre-processor directives designed to facilitate MUSH Softcoding regardless of your chosen MUSH platform.  

In addition to converting exploded-format MUSH softcode into MU/SH/X parse-able lines which you can easily upload via a client's input->send function, this product also rapidly reformats ASCII Art and escapes troublesome characters into a format you can send straight into a MUSH or MUX for that quality look and feel players love.

I would not say that this is my proudest achievement in programming or even in C#.  I never sat down with the intention to write a MUSH Softcode compiler.  What happened is that one day I got tired of manually copying exploded MUSH code into a second text file and deleting linebreaks and leading spaces by hand, so I wrote a bit of code to do it for me.  Over the following weeks, months, and years, bits and pieces got added to it.  I couldn't even tell you in what order.  There's never been a development plan for this thing or even for any particular feature, it just gets hacked together and modded in-place whenever I decide I want some new bit here or there, like a named variable at some scope or other, in some fashion or other.

The only reason this Frankenproject is getting posted to github at all (when it's really just a private toolkit for my personal use) is because as of this date MUSH Softcoding seems to be in sharp decline.  My toolkit makes it a lot faster and easier for me, and I wonder if it wouldn't be more attractive for newbies to get into if they could employ more common concepts like codeblocks and named variables with scope, which I've been selfishly keeping to myself for several years just because it never occurred to me to share it.

Also, I'm starting off on a new MUSH Code project that I'm going to be posting on GitHub and while I'll be posting the compiled code ready-for-upload for those who don't give a damn about looking under the hood or making custom modifications for their own use, I'm also going to be posting the original source which means exploded code with named and scoped variables, which means unless a pro-grade softcoder takes the compiled code and rips into it folks are going to need my compiler.  So here it is, with my best wishes and sincere hope that it helps renew interest in the sport.
